here's the canine do one color I just
hope this dude gas isn't a hat it
running yesterday I tried to make a
video of it and it got cut off
YouTube me this engine well this screen
got then upon me wishes heading up pop
it back at out it's got a little c-clip
thing here holds it in spring clip
rather I don't think the generator is
charging but the engine does not run off
of it it creates its own spark using a
magneto behind the flywheel I put
another spark plug in it yesterday
because this engine has a little bit of
a problem
besides the guns are a little sticky
because you can see it's doesn't spring
back as good as it should until it warms
up I don't know why it does that once
the engine warms up it works fine the
choke is missing the detent which holds
it in position so it just kind of flops
around wherever it feels like that's why
the vise grips are there and it has a
dipstick which I like we still got
plenty of oil to run safely so I just
have to run off my booster pack right
now flip this switch up turn on I'm
gonna set this camera huge and then
choke up push the button
that's how I leave this little guy up
but the carburetor doesn't leak or
anything the problem I have is this
engine it's once you get it nice and
warm once you get it hot and you shut it
off it don't start not until it cooled
down again see now that it's still cool
but once it gets hot it will just crank
and crank and crank it crank crank and
crank and crank and not do anything so I
don't know I got to figure that out and
I've still yet to see it from the other
k91 that I got with this one runs I
gotta fix the points and the starter Cup
here's all loose but